>> Steve Kinney: Let's talk a little
bit about the rest of the editor, so
we've got this explorer and
other activities over here.
We have some other fun options,
there is a panel down here
with more different things.
Most notably, for
our purposes, 90% of the time,
is this integrated terminal,
which, for the most part,
should be very much like the terminal
that you open Visual Studio Code from.
But now you can be all in one place,
right?
Because a lot of our day
to day lives are try thing,
maybe you have tests,
hopefully, you have tests.
You don't have tests,
try things, go to browser,
see if works, go back, so
on and so forth, right?
And so the more that we can kinda
do without the context switching,
the more micro decisions we
can make every day, right?
A lot of times it is like it's going to
take me 100 attempts to get this right
if I can cut down the time of each
attempt by 10, 20, 50%, guess what?
I can make more decisions every day, and
all of a sudden I look
like a 10x developer.
The real way to be a 10x developer is
multiple cursors, which we'll talk about
later, but if you have 10 cursors,
you're clearly a 10x developer.
It scales, great, so
we've got this panel here, as you can see,
you can open and close that with this
little icon up here, same with this one.
Then we have another bonus paddle
over here that you can assign
different things in here as well,
hit this little plus.
In this case, it's two of the extensions,
I'm gonna tell you how
often I open this panel.
Never, I never open it,
I didn't even know it was in this
panel until I was preparing for this.
So we've got that,
we've got this main editor here as well,
there's some little information,
that's my doc.
There is some information down here
about what language we are in,
some other fun things, what line, what my
spacing is, so on and so forth, as well.
And like most things, we can open up
more than one file, so we can go hit,
we can click here now,
we've got two tabs, awesome, right?
And we can hit, in this case,
Cmd+Shift and then a square bracket,
go back and forth between the two of them.
We can also, if we need a little
more room, cuz we're on a 13 or
14 inch MacBook, you can hit Cmd+B or
Ctrl+B, I think.
I'm gonna be honest with you, I have not
used a Windows computer in 25 years,
so some of those are from memory.
But you know what happens if you
if I get one wrong, Cmd+Shift+P,
and you can see what it is.
Especially cuz over time you will write
your own key bindings and go on your
own path, and there'll be none of
the default ones as we go along as well.
So we can hide and show that as well,
we can also split in two,
so we hit Cmd + \.
We're all gonna find out who has
1Password installed at the same time,
cuz that might be taken by 1Password,
at which point you just turn it off or
change it either in 1Password here.
You can split between two editors,
so you can see things side by side.
So yeah, these are some empty files
at this point that we can just
play around in for
various different exercises, but
if I wanted to get from this left pane
to this right pane, how would I do it?
It's a trick question, by the way.
>> Audience: Use your mouse?
>> Steve Kinney: Okay, yes, that was not
the trick question answer that I was
looking for, but I'm into it,
that's technically, you're not wrong.
There's a few other ways to discover
these keyboard shortcuts, right?
Cuz like I said, I can say them to you,
they are written down in some of
the notes that I shared in the beginning.
You're not gonna memorize them at first,
you're not gonna memorize them until
you do them 1000 times, right?
So the first thing we'll do is figure out
what the discovery process is here, right?
We know Cmd+Shift+P is one of them, right?
So we can go like,
>> Steve Kinney: Close
editors in the left group,
that's interesting, right?
Move editor group left, move the editor
left, so on and so forth, right?
You can go,
some of these are more appropriate for
the 27 inch studio display I have at home.
But if we wanted to,
we could go to a four by four grid,
we can see that there's
no actual files here.
If you need to move an editor,
you have a few choices, right?
You could learn the keyboard shortcut, but
I'm gonna stop harassing you about that
for a moment, you can also drag
a tab over and move it, right?
I'm gonna be honest with you,
I do it a lot, [LAUGH] right?
Again, my trackpad is not that far, so
you can drag various files over as well.
And now you can do a 1, 2, 3, 4 and
jump around just like that to open
a fifth one, I don't need a fifth one.
The other option, if we go in here and
check it out as well.
Is more likely you can kind of either
go to the next to previous group,
which does not have one, or you can do
like a group to left, group to the right.
>> Steve Kinney: And
this one will actually move it and
stuff along those lines as well,
like I said, some of it.
This is obviously at this point
a very complicated setup, but
generally speaking, again, finding,
you will not memorize them all in one hit.
Find them kinda get into the flow when
you see yourself trying to do something,
those are the patterns
you want to optimize.
Memorizing literally everything I yell
at you is probably not the way forward.
But to know where the options are and
what you can do and
the idea that sometimes half the battle is
knowing that you can just jump back and
forth between the different panes, right?
And there's a few other options there
is like going back and forward.
The other ones that are super useful
is we've got Cmd+P, which looks
like a command palette, but you'll notice
something slightly different here.
In this case, it is files, and you can
search for any file in your code base.
You start typing in like package JSON
you'll see something along the lines
of all the package JSON's in your project
and the ability to pick which one.